[Music]
this is me this is the face that my
fiancee sees every day he still tells me
that I look beautiful
even with no makeup on it's hard for me
to believe that sometimes he's
absolutely amazing I've suffered with
this almost all my life
first pimple wasn't grade 3 been
contemplating to put a video up on this
for a very very long time now it's
really been a struggle for me because
I've had so many people come up to me
and comment on my skin as if I can't see
my skin already myself like I've said
before acne is not just about washing
your face it goes way deeper than that
it's about a hormonal imbalance diet
stress genetics you know all of these
things I mentioned before people have
been like go on accutane it really helps
and you know honestly I'm just not the
type of person who wants to be on
prescribed medication that causes harsh
side effects towards other organs in
your body I've just always been the type
of person to look deeper into the
situation and see what else I can do
first before medicating myself in that
way acne hinders me from doing a lot but
I want to do in my life it makes me not
want to go out and not want to leave the
house to be honest unless I have makeup
on it's been better I've gone out
without makeup and like I've actually
fun shopping without makeup and I can
feel people just staring at me and just
looking at me and looking at my skin I
just feel them judging me you know it's
so apparent when you're out there and
people kind of just look at you people
will say like this is why I have trust
issues this is why makeup is so fake
what makes you so much more of a
superior person just because you have
perfect skin and somebody
doesn't because of something who read
Ettore or something actually part of a
health issue you can't place yourself
above anybody just because you're not
suffering with something I find that so
wrong
no people have commented in there like
you're placing yourself on the Internet
which means that you're opening yourself
out to the world and I understand that
like I said before I'm not gonna get
amazing comments 100% of the time I know
there's gonna be good and bad you're not
gonna please everybody on here I
understand that but there is a
difference when you are on the internet
and people are hiding behind the
computers typing negative hateful things
to you that they would never say to you
in person
there is a complete difference I just
believe that you shouldn't be on the
internet saying those things to people
always be mindful of how you present
yourself to others and what you say to
others always be mindful of how you make
others feel with how you are towards
them
I want to achieve things I want to be
more than what I am right now the only
way that I'm gonna do that is if I just
take in all of the good and hold that
close to me and just let go of any
negative energy or words have ever been
directed towards me and Ford you are an
amazing woman I want to thank you for
allowing yourself to become vulnerable
enough to make something so honest so
genuine and to speak for so many people
were going through the same thing as you
there's so much hate out there so much
negativity and yet she's doing what she
loves she's not letting anything stop
her and that's just so inspiring so
motivating she's made something truly
amazing that has for-sure for-sure
touched and moved a lot of people
throughout the world after seeing her
video today I did something I thought
I'd never do I was taking pictures of
the progress of my skin I actually
posted my bare skin on social media
today in front of 6,000 followers
telling my story and being completely
honest and not hiding behind anything
other end the negative comments there
are so many amazing people out there
this is so much love and so much support
the things be blows that are amazing
someone said hashtag you look beautiful
someone else said thank you so much for
this awesome and beautiful don't let
anyone tell you otherwise
another comment um oh my god you are
such an inspiration I've had acne for
years and I know how it feels
never had confidence or self-esteem I
always think that we first thing people
notice when they seen your pimples this
really affected my self-esteem and no
one can ever feel what we went through
unless you've suffered from acne you
know that's so true
I'm suffering from acne for almost all
of my life like I said my first pimple
was grade 3 which might be a little
abnormal because I don't know if a third
grader should be breaking out you know
um it comes and goes it gets worse it
gets better but I'll always have scars
and I'll always have a few pimples here
and there yeah thank you em for it for
doing what you did it was absolutely
amazing you've brought so many people to
tears you just really opened up the
perspective a lot of young people out
there and I couldn't commend you more
for what you did thank you